2.0.0 (#50)
MetaMask/test-snaps: packages/site/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.0.0]
### Changed

> - Test-snaps page redesign to include 2-column format and material design with bootstrap
> - Refactor of attributes once in class into id (e2e breaking)
> - Included PRs:
>   - Attempt at redesigning the test-snaps interface page ([#40](https://github.com/MetaMask/test-snaps/pull/40))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** Redesign website ([#40](https://github.com/MetaMask/test-snaps/pull/40))
  - The website now uses a 2-column format with some prettifying CSS. Class and ID values have changed, which is breaking for E2E tests that use this website.
```
